Improve the API documentation and markdown files (#192)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-auth: README.md

  [![Build](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-auth/actions/workflows/build-timestamped-master.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-auth/actions/workflows/build-timestamped-master.yml)
  [![GitHub Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-auth.svg?label=Last%20Commit)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-auth/commits/master)
  [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/module/auth.svg?label=Open%20Issues)](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library/labels/module%2Fauth)
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
  [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-auth/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-auth) 

The `auth` library is one of the standard library modules of the [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) language.

> This module provides a framework for authentication/authorization with Basic authentication scheme as specified in [RFC 7617](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7617).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides a framework for authentication/authorization with the Basic Authentication scheme as specified in [RFC 7617](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7617).
```

> The "Basic" Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) authentication scheme transmits credentials as user-id/password pairs, encoded using Base64. This scheme is not considered to be a secure method of user authentication unless used in conjunction with some external secure system such as TLS, as the user-id and password are passed over the network as cleartext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Basic" Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) authentication scheme transmits credentials as user-id/password pairs encoded using Base64. This scheme is not considered to be a secure method of user authentication unless used in conjunction with some external secure system such as TLS, as the user ID and password are passed over the network as cleartext.
```

> The Ballerina Auth module facilitates auth providers that are to be used by the clients and listeners of different protocol connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina `auth` module facilitates auth providers that are to be used by the clients and listeners of different protocol connectors.
```

> For more information go to [The Auth Module](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerina/auth/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, go to the [`auth` module](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerina/auth/latest).
```

>         > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > **Note:** Set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.
```

> 2. Export GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT) with 'read package' permission as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Export your GitHub Personal Access Token (PAT) with the `read package` permission as follows:
```

## Useful Links

> * Discuss the code changes of the Ballerina project in [ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com](mailto:ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Discuss code changes of the Ballerina project in [ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com](mailto:ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com).
```
